automation_week1/Interogation.java
 automation_week1.Interogation
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex2TimeConverterTest.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex2TimeConverterTest
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex4EvenOddCheckerTest.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex4EvenOddCheckerTest
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex0a_WarmupFlowTest.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex0a_WarmupFlowTest
automation_week1/GetSours.java
 automation_week1.GetSours
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex1_FizzBuzzTest.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex1_FizzBuzzTest
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex5_CheckArrayIsSortedTest.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex5_CheckArrayIsSortedTest
teme/java_course4_collections/ex1_building_registry/BuildingRegistryTest.java
 teme.java_course4_collections.ex1_building_registry.BuildingRegistryTest
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex9CommonDigitTest.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex9CommonDigitTest
teme/java_course3_oop/ex4_complex/ComplexTest.java
 teme.java_course3_oop.ex4_complex.ComplexTest
automation_week1/FirstElement.java
 automation_week1.FirstElement
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex7_ReverseArrayTest.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex7_ReverseArrayTest
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex7AbsoluteValueTest.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex7AbsoluteValueTest
teme/java_course4_collections/ex2_person_registry/PersonsRegistryTest.java
 teme.java_course4_collections.ex2_person_registry.PersonsRegistryTest
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex3_FinancialSimulationTest.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex3_FinancialSimulationTest
teme/util/ta_utils/DriversPath.java
 teme.util.ta_utils.DriversPath
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex4_ArrayToStringTest.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex4_ArrayToStringTest
teme/java_course4_collections/ex3_josephus/JosephusTest.java
 teme.java_course4_collections.ex3_josephus.JosephusTest
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex5OrderCheckerTest.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex5OrderCheckerTest
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex6MaxValueTest.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex6MaxValueTest
teme/util/java_util/plugin/Grade.java
 teme.util.java_util.plugin.Grade
automation_week1/MySecondTest.java
 automation_week1.MySecondTest
teme/java_course3_oop/ex0_time/TimeTest.java
 teme.java_course3_oop.ex0_time.TimeTest
teme/java_course4_collections/ex0_word_count/CountingWordsTest.java
 teme.java_course4_collections.ex0_word_count.CountingWordsTest
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex3HeightConverterTest.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex3HeightConverterTest
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex8DigitRemoverTest.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex8DigitRemoverTest
automation_week1/Interogation22.java
 automation_week1.Interogation22
teme/util/ta_utils/BaseTestClass.java
 teme.util.ta_utils.BaseTestClass
teme/util/java_util/plugin/GradeRunner.java
 teme.util.java_util.plugin.GradeRunner
 teme.util.java_util.plugin.GradeRunner$1
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex1BCheckTriangleBySidesTest.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex1BCheckTriangleBySidesTest
teme/java_course3_oop/ex3_point/PointTest.java
 teme.java_course3_oop.ex3_point.PointTest
teme/util/java_util/TestUtil.java
 teme.util.java_util.TestUtil
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex0b_WarmupArraysTest.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex0b_WarmupArraysTest
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex6_FilterArrayTest.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex6_FilterArrayTest
teme/java_course3_oop/ex2_room/RoomTest.java
 teme.java_course3_oop.ex2_room.RoomTest
teme/java_course3_oop/ex1_person/PersonTest.java
 teme.java_course3_oop.ex1_person.PersonTest
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex1ACheckTriangleByAnglesTest.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex1ACheckTriangleByAnglesTest
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex2_FirstPowerAboveTest.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex2_FirstPowerAboveTest
automation_week1/MyFirstTest.java
 automation_week1.MyFirstTest
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex10ComparingShapesTest.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex10ComparingShapesTest
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex0WarmupIntroTest.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex0WarmupIntroTest
automation_week1/locatorTypes.java
 automation_week1.locatorTypes
