teme/java_course1_intro/Ex2_TimeConverter.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex2_TimeConverter
teme/java_course4_collections/ex0_word_count/CountingWords.java
 teme.java_course4_collections.ex0_word_count.CountingWords
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex7_AbsoluteValue.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex7_AbsoluteValue
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex1_FizzBuzz.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex1_FizzBuzz
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex6_MaxValue.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex6_MaxValue
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex7_ReverseArray.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex7_ReverseArray
teme/java_course4_collections/ex1_building_registry/Building.java
 teme.java_course4_collections.ex1_building_registry.Building
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex0a_WarmupFlow.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex0a_WarmupFlow
teme/java_course4_collections/ex3_josephus/Josephus.java
 teme.java_course4_collections.ex3_josephus.Josephus
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex0b_WarmupArrays.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex0b_WarmupArrays
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex10_ComparingShapes.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex10_ComparingShapes
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex9_CommonDigit.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex9_CommonDigit
teme/java_course3_oop/ex2_room/RoomApp.java
 teme.java_course3_oop.ex2_room.RoomApp
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex4_EvenOddChecker.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex4_EvenOddChecker
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex3_HeightConverter.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex3_HeightConverter
teme/java_course4_collections/ex2_person_registry/Person.java
 teme.java_course4_collections.ex2_person_registry.Person
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex3_FinancialSimulation.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex3_FinancialSimulation
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex2_FirstPowerAbove.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex2_FirstPowerAbove
teme/java_course3_oop/ex1_person/PersonApp.java
 teme.java_course3_oop.ex1_person.PersonApp
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex5_CheckArrayIsSorted.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex5_CheckArrayIsSorted
teme/java_course3_oop/ex3_point/PointApp.java
 teme.java_course3_oop.ex3_point.PointApp
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex8_DigitRemover.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex8_DigitRemover
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex1a_CheckTriangleByAngles.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex1a_CheckTriangleByAngles
teme/java_course3_oop/ex0_time/TimeApp.java
 teme.java_course3_oop.ex0_time.TimeApp
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex4_ArrayToString.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex4_ArrayToString
teme/java_course2_flow/Ex6_FilterArray.java
 teme.java_course2_flow.Ex6_FilterArray
teme/java_course4_collections/ex2_person_registry/PersonsRegistry.java
 teme.java_course4_collections.ex2_person_registry.PersonsRegistry
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex1b_CheckTriangleBySides.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex1b_CheckTriangleBySides
teme/java_course3_oop/ex4_complex/ComplexManualTests.java
 teme.java_course3_oop.ex4_complex.ComplexManualTests
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex0_WarmupIntro.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex0_WarmupIntro
teme/java_course1_intro/Ex5_OrderChecker.java
 teme.java_course1_intro.Ex5_OrderChecker
teme/java_course4_collections/ex1_building_registry/Category.java
 teme.java_course4_collections.ex1_building_registry.Category
teme/java_course4_collections/ex1_building_registry/BuildingRegistry.java
 teme.java_course4_collections.ex1_building_registry.BuildingRegistry
teme/java_course3_oop/ex4_complex/Complex.java
 teme.java_course3_oop.ex4_complex.Complex
